BUG: Fix from_records() column reorder issue, if columns!=None use passed param (#59717) (#59809)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_stata` when writing :class:`DataFrame` and ``byteorder=`big```. (:issue:`58969`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_string` that raised ``StopIteration`` with nested DataFrames. (:issue:`16098`)
- Bug in :meth:`HDFStore.get` was failing to save data of dtype datetime64[s] correctly (:issue:`59004`)

> - Bug in :meth:`from_records` where columns parameter with numpy array data was not reordeing and filtering out the columns (:issue:`59717`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` where ``columns`` parameter with numpy structured array was not reordering and filtering out the columns (:issue:`59717`)
```
